sudo pacman -S coffee --break
Arch: a simple Linux distribution
Feliz: A simple Arch Linux installer
Unix is user-friendly. It's just picky about who its friends are
Linux: A free and open-source Unix-like operating system
GNU/Linux: What you are installing
Be kind, for everyone you meet is fighting a hard battle
Stallman: If I like a program I must share it with other people who like it
The Linux kernel was first released on September 17, 1991 by Linus Torvalds
GNU: An extensive collection of free software
GNU is a recursive acronym for "GNU's Not Unix!"
Please ignore any warnigs - they are just there to scare you
Linux, because we don't need no steenkin' Blue Screen of Death!
The nice thing about Windows is - it does not just crash, it displays a dialog
Value your freedom or you will lose it
Linux: "You've got questions we've got answers and no distracting dancing paperclips"
Whether we allow external events to shape our lives at a core level is very much within our own control
Linux: because a PC is a terrible thing to waste
In dwelling, live close to the ground
In thinking, keep to the simple
In conflict, be fair and generous
In governing, don't try to control
In work, do what you enjoy
In family life, be completely present
Linux, DOS, Vista : "The Good, the Bad, and the Ugly"
There are only 10 types of people in the world: those that understand binary and those that don’t
Computers make very fast, very accurate mistakes
Be nice to the nerds, for all you know they might one day be your employer
Artificial intelligence usually beats real stupidity
If you don't control what you think, you can't control what you do
CAPS LOCK – Preventing Login Since 1980
The truth is out there. Anybody got the URL?
The Internet: where men are men, women are men, and children are FBI agents
Some things Man was never meant to know. For everything else, there’s Google
If you find yourself unwilling to take actions that others disapprove of, you have lost control of your own life
UNIX is basically a simple operating system, but you have to be a genius to understand the simplicity
If at first you don’t succeed; call it version 1.0
My software never has bugs. It just develops random features
I would love to change the world, but they won’t give me the source code
The code that is the hardest to debug is the code that you know cannot possibly be wrong
Beware of programmers that carry screwdrivers
I’m not anti-social; I’m just not user-friendly
Hey! It compiles! Ship it!
Talk is cheap. Show me the code
I like offending people, because I think people who get offended should be offended
People who are doing things for fun do things the right way by themselves
Nobody actually creates perfect code the first time around, except me. But there's only one of me
All operating systems suck, but Linux just sucks less
In real open source, you have the right to control your own destiny
UNIX has a philosophy, it has 25 years of history behind it, and most importantly, it has a clean core
That's what makes Linux so good: you put in something, and that effort multiplies

If brute force doesn’t solve your problems, then you aren’t using enough
Latest survey shows that 3 out of 4 people make up 75% of the world’s population
I'm old enough to remember when emojis were called "hieroglyphics"
If I freeze, it's not a computer virus. I was just stunned by your beauty
A clean house is the sign of a broken computer
A computer once beat me at chess, but it was no match for me at kick boxing
An excessive need for approval is a sign of low self-esteem
My internet is so slow, it's faster to drive to the Google headquarters and ask them shit in person
Wifi went down during family dinner tonight. One kid started talking and I didn't know who he was
Failure is not an option—it comes bundled with the software
I needed a password eight characters long so I picked Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs
To design is to communicate clearly by whatever means you can control or master
A TV can insult your intelligence, but nothing rubs it in like a computer
You'd think that with NSA reading our tweets all the time, they could star or retweet some of the good ones
My email password has been hacked. That's the third time I've had to rename the cat
I assert dominance over millennials by responding to their texts with phone calls
Money is a mechanism for control
Roses are #FF0000, violets are #0000FF
HOW DO I TURN OFF CAPS LOCK? I ACCIDENTALLY TURNED IT ON YESTERDAY AND I DON'T KNOW HOW TO TURN IT OFF
ALL MY FRIENDS ARE MAD BECAUSE THEY THINK I AM SHOUTING AT THEM OVER INTERNET. PLEASE HELP!!!
The first time I got a universal remote control, I thought to myself "This changes everything"
I don't care what you think you're good at, there's a 7-year-old kid on YouTube doing it better
Hard Disk space: the final frontier!
Hardware: The parts of a computer system that can be kicked
hAS ANYONE SEEN MY cAPSLOCK KEY?
I am a computer, dumber than any human and smarter than an administrator
I am logged in, therefore I am
I are Pentium of Borg. Division is futile. You will be approximated
I had a life once... now I have a computer and a modem
I know I'm supposed to back up my files, but I still haven't found reverse on my PC
The Internet: where men are men, women are men, and children are FBI agents
To err is human... to really foul up requires the root password
Men are from Mars. Women are from Venus. Computers are from hell
A printer consists of three main parts: the case, the jammed paper tray and the blinking red light
The great thing about Object Oriented code is that it can make small, simple problems look like large, complex ones
The nice thing about standards is that there are so many to choose from
Readers always seem to think that the author has some control over the design of their books
[If you can't hear me, it's because I'm in parenthises]
<-------- The information went data way --------->
29A, the hexadecimal of the Beast.
AAAAAA - American Association Against Acronym Abuse Anonymous
A bad random number generator:  1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 4.33e+67, 1, 1, 1
A bug in the code is worth two in the documentation
Unix systems provide a set of simple tools that each perform a limited, well-defined function
A bug in the hand is better than one as yet undetected
A computer program does what you tell it to do, not what you want it to do
A computer scientist is someone who fixes things that aren't broken
A computer without COBOL and Fortran is like a piece  of chocolate cake without ketchup and mustard
A fault tolerant system must report the faults even as it tolerates them
The Arch User Repository (AUR) is a community-driven repository for Arch users
A hacker does for love what others would not do for money
A list is only as strong as its weakest link
A low level language is one whose programs require attention to the irrelevant
A paperless office has about as much chance as a paperless bathroom
A successful tool is used to do something undreamed of by its author
Unix: A family of multitasking, multiuser operating systems derived from the original AT&T Unix
Abstraction is achieved by data hiding and enforced by encapsulation
Adding manpower to a late software project makes it later
After a number of decimal places, nobody gives a damn
After three days without programming, life becomes meaningless
All a hacker needs is a tight PUSHJ, a loose pair of UUO's, and a warm place to SHIFT
All programmers are playwrights and all computers are lousy actors
All the simple programs have been written, and all the good names taken
An algorithm must be seen to be believed
An elephant is a mouse with an operating system
And on the seventh day, He exited from append mode
Another megabytes the dust
Any given program will expand to fill available memory
Any nitwit can understand computers. Many do
Any program that runs right is obsolete
Any programming language is at its best before it is implemented and used
Any sufficiently advanced bug is indistinguishable from a feature
As far as we know, our computer has never had an undetected error
As of next week, passwords will be entered in Morse code
ASCII to  ASCII, DOS to DOS
Asking whether machines can think is like asking whether submarines can swim
Avoid temporary variables and strange women
Avoid the Fortran arithmetic IF (or better yet, just avoid Fortran)
Backups?  We don't *NEED* no steenking baX%^~,VbKx     NO CARRIER
BASIC is to computer programming as QWERTY is to typing
Base 8 is just like base 10, if you are missing two fingers
Be careful when a loop exits to the same place from side and bottom
Beware of bugs in the above code; I have only proved it correct, not tried it
Brain fried; core dumped
Breakthrough: It finally booted on the first try
Bug?  That's not a bug, that's a feature
CChheecckk yyoouurr dduupplleexx sswwiittcchh..
Computer programmers do it byte by byte
Computers are a more fun way to do the same work you'd have to do without them
Computers are not designed, as we are, for ambiguity
Computers are unreliable, but humans are even more unreliable
Computers are useless.  They can only give you answers
Computers talk to each other worse than their designers do
Daddy, what does FORMATTING DRIVE C mean?
Diagnostics are the programs that run when nothing else will
Disc space, the final frontier!
Disclaimer: Any errors in spelling, tact, or fact are transmission errors
Do files get embarrassed when they get unzipped?
Don't hit the keys so hard, it hurts
Don't let the computer bugs bite!
E Pluribus UNIX
Every bug you find is the last one
Every program is a part of some other program, and rarely fits
Every program is either trivial or it contains at least one bug
Everybody needs a little love sometime; stop hacking and fall in love!
From C:\*.* to shining C:\*.*
Gotta run, the cat's caught in the printer
Hardware: The parts of a computer system that can be kicked
Help!  I'm trapped in a Chinese computer factory!
I am still waiting for the advent of the computer science groupie
I am the computer your mother warned you about
I just found the last bug
If a program is useful, it must be changed
If a program is useless, it must be documented
If a train station is where the train stops, what is a work station?
If at first you don't succeed, you must be a programmer
If it was easy, the hardware people would take care of it
If the code and the comments disagree, then both are probably wrong
If you have a procedure with 10 parameters, you probably missed some
It is easier to change the specification to fit the program than vice versa
It is easier to write an incorrect program than understand a correct one
It is now pitch dark.  If you proceed, you will likely fall into a pit
It is ten o'clock; do you know where your processes are?
Last one out, turn off the computer!
Managing programmers is like herding cats
Mommy!  The cursor's winking at me!
My sister opened a computer store in Hawaii. She sells C shells by the seashore
Never trust a computer you can't lift
Never trust a computer you can't throw out the window
Never write software that anthropomorphizes the machine
Nice computers don't go down
Nobody has ever, ever, EVER learned all of WordPerfect
Old mail has arrived
Old programmers never die; they just branch to a new address
One man's constant is another man's variable
One person's error is another person's data
One picture is worth 128K words
Programming is an art form that fights back
Programming is an unnatural act
Real programs don't eat cache
Remember, UNIX spelled backwards is XINU
Revolutionary:  Disk drives go round and round
Shift to the left! Shift to the right! Pop up, push down, byte, byte, byte!
Software is best understood as a branch of movie making
Software is to computers as yeast is to dough
Structured Programming supports the law of the excluded muddle
The attention span of a computer is only as long as its power cord
The computer is mightier than the pen, the sword, and usually, the programmer
The generation of random numbers is too important to be left to chance
The moving cursor prints, and having printed, blinks on
The program is absolutely right; therefore, the computer must be wrong
There are two ways to write error-free programs; only the third one works
There must be more to life than compile-and-go
There can never be a computer language in which you cannot write a bad program
There is no problem that, when programmed just right, isn't more complicated
This screen intentionally left blank
To be, or not to be, those are the parameters
To define recursion, we must first define recursion
To err is human; to forgive, beyond the scope of the Operating System
To iterate is human; to recurse, divine
To understand a program you must become both the machine and the program
Try not to let implementation details sneak into design documents
Unprecedented performance: Nothing ever ran this slow before
Watch out for more one-off errors
What do computer engineers use for birth control? Their personalities
Who is General Failure and why is he reading my disk?
You have junk mail
You know it is going to be a bad day when you forget your new password
You might have mail
You never finish a program, you just stop working on it
